## GrimoireLab Release Tools 0.2.0 - (2020-03-09)

**New features:**

 * Push release only with `publish`\
   The command `publish` generates the commit and tag release but by
   default it does not push them to a remote repository. The idea behind
   this is to review the changes before pushing them. After the review,
   to upload the new changes, it will necessary to call directly to `git
   push` because `publish` will try to create the same release data
   again. To fix this problem a the new flag `--only-push` is available.
   When it is called together with `--push`, the command will ignore the
   creation of the release pushing to the origin the latest changes.
 * Update NEWS file with the latest relase notes\
   The command `notes` incorporates the new option `--news`. This flag
   allows to add the contents of the notes generated for the relase to
   the NEWS file. By default, NEWS file will not be updated during the
   release.
 * Automate version updates in pyproject file\
   Besides the file `_version.py`, there is another file that stores the
   version number of the package. This file is `pyproject.toml` and is
   used by `poetry` to generate Python packages and source code tarballs.
   The command `semverup` will also update this version number when
   called. This file will also be part of the release commit generated by
   `publish` command.

**Bug fixes:**

 * Check if unreleased dir exists when publishing (#5)\
   An exception was raised when `publish` command was called and
   `unreleased` directory did not exist. Now, instead of raising an
   exception, `publish` command fails and displays a message with the
   error.

**Feature changes:**

 * Replace pull request field for issue in changelog entries (#10)\
   The initial idea of the pull request field in a changelog entry was to
   know which PR introduced the change. The problem is the reference is
   unknown until the PR is generated, so developers will need to modify
   the entry and the PR later to include the reference. Therefore, we
   considered it is better to include a reference to an issue which is
   more generic and can be known in advance. Take into account you will
   need to update your unreleased changelog entries if you want to use
   this new version of the tools.

