## Release Tools 0.5.0 - (2023-04-24)

**New features:**

 * Notes command supports multiple authors in changelog entries (#49)\
   The notes command supports exporting of multiple authors from the
   changelog entries. You can add more than one author to the changelog
   entry by defining them as ``` author:     - John Smith
   <jsmith@example.com>     - John Doe <jdoe@example.com> ```
 * Option `--bump-version` to increase version manually\
   Include `--bump-version=[MAJOR, MINOR, PATCH]` argument to `sermverup`
   command to increase the version number regardless the release notes
   changes.
 * Generate release notes for pre-releases\
   The flag `--pre-release`, on the command `notes`, generates the notes
   of a release candidate. Release notes include the changes in between
   releases - regular and candidate releases - while the release
   candidate notes only include the latest changes since the previous
   release.
 * Option to not cleanup on publishing\
   Running `publish` with `--no-cleanup' option doesn't remove any
   changelog entry from the repository.
 * Option for release candidates versions\
   Include a new argument to `semverup` to create pre-releases versions.
   If the option `--pre-release` is included and the current version is
   not a release candidate, it will create a new pre-release version
   based on files or `--bump-version` argument. If the current version is
   a release candidate, it will increase its pre-release part. For
   example, in a repository with a bugfix changelog entry:   - `0.2.0` +
   `semverup --pre-release` = `0.2.1-rc.1`   - `0.2.1-rc.1` + `semverup
   --pre-release` = `0.2.1-rc.2`  When the version is a pre-release, and
   `--pre-release` is not specified, it will remove the pre-release part
   and generate the final version. In a repository with changelog
   entries:   -  `0.2.2-rc.1` + `semverup` = `0.2.2`

**Bug fixes:**

 * Changelog valid filenames\
   Creating filename from the title could create invalid paths. This
   commits change the way the filename is  created from the title
   removing many of the special chars.
 * Ignore unreleased directory when publishing\
   Publish command continues the execution if the directory
   `releases/unreleased` doesn't exist.
 * Invalid release candidate version number when adding new changes\
   `semverup` was not increasing the correct version number when the old
   version was a release candidate and a new changelog was included.
   Before it increased `0.0.5-rc.1` to `0.0.5-rc.2` when a minor
   changelog entry was added while it should be `0.1.0-rc.1`.

**Breaking changes:**

 * New categories definition (#55)\
   Previously, only the `fixed` notes incremented the `patch` version,
   and the other changes incremented MINOR. We updated this behavior.
   From now on, `changed` and `removed` entries increment major version.
   `added`, `deprecated`, `security`, `performance` and `other` increment
   the minor version. `Fixed` and `dependency` increment the patch
   version. If the version is 0.x.x new entries will upgrade minor
   version at most.

